DataGrid/TreeList: add Accessibility topic (#5024)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DataGrid/50 Selection/10 User Interaction.md

    
---

> The [showCheckBoxesMode](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/selection/showCheckBoxesMode.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/selection/#showCheckBoxesMode') property specifies when the UI component renders check boxes in the selection column. For example, the following code tells the UI component to never render them, though a user can still select rows using [keyboard shortcuts](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Accessibility/#Keyboard_Navigation):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [showCheckBoxesMode](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/selection/showCheckBoxesMode.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/selection/#showCheckBoxesMode') the property specifies when the UI component renders checkboxes in the selection column. For example, the following code tells the UI component to never render them, though a user can still select rows using [keyboard shortcuts](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Accessibility/#Keyboard_Navigation):
```
